Hey come over here. It looks like a few people actually commented on the post.
Where are these people? I do not see any other mortals around.
No, on the phone. Come over here and look.
Steve77: nice
Yes Steve77, this phone drawing of me is exceptionally fine.
You know they can't hear you right?
What are you taking about they have ears don't they?
Thats not how this works. You want to talk them you are going to have to type it out.
Look do you see that reply button, press it and you can type out a message for them.
Reply?
Also is called a picture by the way
The_HatEnthusiast: Nice hat. Looks like some fine quality leather. Where did you pick it up
JuiceMan: What are you some kind of cowboy get with the times
Reply?
You don't know what a cowboy is do you?
Of course I do, some weird modern centaur or satyr.
No they are like farmer workers that ride on horses and stuff. Used to be popular back in the day.
Where does the cow come from in any of this? You humans have lost all common sense. Why not a horseboy or farmerboy instead.
*Sign*
Farmer, there is something I have been meaning to ask.
Its Jonathan but go for it.
How does this phone contraption work anyways? How does one trap so many mortals into such a small box?
Its not like that, no one is trapped inside. It just allows people to communicate with each other over a long distance.
Quite a novel device, but where are the humans delivering these messages?
There aren't any. It uses electricty and some wave stuff to send the message.
Electricty! Are you claiming mortals have harnesses some of my divine power?
In a way I guess. I am not sure how they do it but electricity is used for a lot of things. Like the lights in this room for example.
The lights you say.
Ya. Here i think I have a spare lightbulb somewhere here if you want to take a look.
He goes into a storage closet.
Here
He lightly tosses the dust covered lightbulb.
Quite a curious little thing
The lightbulb begins to faintly glow as Zeus touches the bottom.
Wait, that is actually pretty cool.
Of course I am "cool" I am a God.
No, the lightbulb. It doesn't normally glow just by touching it. It has to be powered by something.
I am the lord of thunder after all, what did you expect?
You know what, fair point.
Actually thinking about it, you could use this to get some more followers.
Go on, Continue.
We could record you powering some lightbulbs with just your hands. I am sure thats something people don't see everyday.
Yes, you have proven yourself quite useful farmer. Prepare the phone for this recording.
And there we have it. With this I will have my powers back in no time.
Looks like the post is getting some attention. Here have a look
MrElectricidad: Wow it looks like real magic!!!!
wakeupsheeple: It is obviously fake. The editing is not even that good.
Reply?
Sometimes it best to just ignore people like that.
What mortals would dare risk prevoking my wrath. You humans have lost all disiplne.
That is pretty par for the course nowadays. You can't really trust stuff that people post.
How could they not believe it, they have eyes. They can clearly see my power.
Ya, but there are many way to fake sutff like this. You are going to need something even more spectacular if you want more people to follow.
largeLAD: :ok_hand: :fire: :100: :eyes:
What is this gibberish?
Don't worry about it.
yahooOo00oo: wats the secret
jChillin: P cool how did u do it?
Wow, this social media plan has done much better than I expected.
Well of course, did you really doubt that I, Zeus himself, couldn't win over the population. I have done it before I can do it again
You still got a ways to go though. We need to think of something that will really grab people it this is going to work.
Worry not farmer. With more of my powers back, I have a time-tested plan for just the occasion.
The name's still Jonathan but, I really want to know how you have possibly tested getting social media follower back in ancient Greece.
See now farmer, there is no better way to make the mortals respect the king of Olympus than with lightning itself.
Please don't tell me you are going to electrocute someone.
Of course not, atleast not now anyways.
Lets try and keep it that way.
Now go perpare the phone, I will fine a perfect spot for such a display.
There is not really anything to prepare, it only takes like two seconds to open up the photo app.
Hurry it up, I have been waiting to use my powers again.
Shortly after in the nearby fields.
This looks like an adequete spot.
Time to warm up the lightning. It been too long.
The skys start to turn dark all around.
There is a static in the air.
Now bare witness to the powers of a god.
zzzzzzzzzz-CRACK!!
####Show a white flash here#####
Now what did I tell you?
You are right. This one is going viral.
I expected no less. Now let me see what the mortals are saying about it.
Ne4Sunny: Wow this guy might actually be legit
getgotttttten: we get it you can photoshop some lighting in the background congrats
itBSmackin: DAMN this boi be looking like Zeus up in here
abfg157: bring the thunder
lel49m8: prefect timeing on dat one
*distant explosion*
What the hell was that?
What should I do?
You drive away, worry about what that explosion was gnawing away at your insides.
Eventually, curiousity and possible property damage force your hand to turn the car around
Dammit, I was this close to being done for the night
The bumpy farm roads rocks the car as it trundles along the dirt path
You eventually come across a crater, some fifty feet off the road
The crater is smoking, with flames still licking around the edges
Inside the crater lies a man
*muffled groaning*
oh that'll really put the millenia on someone
no, actually, dirt pits are quiet comfortable
Though if you don't mind terribly, I would like to leave this particular one.
I'd get myself out, but my limbs don't seem to want to move properly just yet.
That was a hell of a landing I just made
Technically, yes
Though I likely took a pretty severe beating in the crash. 
None of this looks familiar
What do you mean you landed here? Did you see what made the crater?
I don't think you seem to be getting that I made this crater.
You'd have died on impact!
Do I look dead to you?
No?
Can you see any other way this crater got made?
Gas explosion?
Hah! Gas explosion! Why do mortals never want to accept that there's a divine presence before them?
And I'm Zeus!
No, I am.
...What?
Who did you think I was?
Funnily enough, I hadn't considered coming across the Lord of the Skies while in my field in North Dakota
Is that near Sparta?
But you're not {i}actually{/i} Zeus right?
That has to be a bit!
Big beard, white robe, able to withstand meteoric impacts, who else did you think I was?
To be frank, I just assumed homeless.
Who is this peasant who stand before me?
*snap*
AND WHAT IS THAT INFERNAL NOISE!?
aaaaaaaand got it! That one was perfect!
What the...
Those selfies are gonna bring home sooooo many followers tonight.
Wait, who are you guys?
You dare ask me my nam -
Hold on a second, Zeus. Between some of her nonsense, I heard her mention something about followers.
Didn't you say you were powerless without them?
OMG I'd be so powerless too without my beautiful people!!
Please, humble farmer... don't tell me she is some sort of...
"Modern God"...
I don't think so.
I think she's using her cell phone to get people to look at pictures of her.
Cell - .. phone?
Yeah. People use them all over the world to talk to eachother nowadays.
Where is yours?
I don't use government tracking devices. It's what they want, you know.
Anyway, maybe she can help you.
Pfft...
I guess its back to the farmhouse?
 .. I guess I'd be willing to try.
Well if you want to start using social media, you'll need a phone!
She hands Zeus a phone
That was easy..
Yeah I've got lots of them. I'll tell you a secret - half my followers are these other phones I have.
PLEASE DON'T TELL ANYONE!
I don't care. Just tell me how to acquire these followers. What's "Social Media"?
Well, you see, 
That's... a lot.
Yeah, well just remember the important bits. Do some interesting stuff, upload it online, and you'll get followers!
I'll become more powerful with my followers returning to me?
I don't know man, that's your thing. I've got somewhere to be, good luck!
Finally she's gone. Now how are you going to use that contraption to get you off my property faster?
Patience, humble farmer, I have some ideas.
For all the viewers at home, there is a cow here... with a cowboy hat on.
it's the best we've got.
*recording finished!*
Okay, let's see how that does.
And... upload!
SHOW UI OF FOLLOWER COUNT INCREASING MARGINALLY
.... Zeus?
ALL..... THIS.....
..................
POWERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!
Zeus holds his hands high
a tiny spark emerges from his fingertips, then dissipates
.... Aw.
Damn, well you really are the real deal. But you'll need more than that, huh?
End of scene
Can you explain to me how your powers work.
I can kind of understand that you are Zeus, but how did you go from Greek god to a strange toga-wearing man on the side of the road?
Well, during the age of the Greek gods, people believed that the gods controlled all of nature.
Take my brother Poseidon for example. That dude's the god of the ocean.
Demeter reigned over agriculture.
And of course I was ...
As Zeus rambled on about his magnificence, Farmer's mind began to drift elsewhere.
(What should I make for dinner?)
(Since I went out to eat yesterday, I didn't get to milk the cows so I'm out of that)
(mmmmh butter)
...er
...armer
Hey Farmer!
!!
Ah sorry about that. Just nodded off a little.
Have you finally finished your monologue?
You know, I'm starting to think I'm not getting the respect I deserve.
Anyways, as I was saying.
Have you ever head of the saying, "If you believe in something hard enough, it'll come true"?
Yeah. What about it?
Great, that makes this a lot easier.
The power of the gods was pretty much dependent on the people who worshipped them. The more the gods were worshipped, the stronger their power became.
Just out of curiosity, how much power do you have now?
I should be able to shoot a lightning bolt or two.
Hagh
Much to Zeus's surprise, only a small flicker of lightning spouted from his hands before quickly disappearing.
...
...
*sniff*
Hey man, come on. Cheer up a little.
At least you are able to shoot out something. It's not everyday you get to see lightning come out from someone's hands.
That's easy for you to say. You're just a farmer.
I am a god.
This is so humiliating.
Now that I think about it, you mentioned how a gods's power is measured by their number of followers right?
Yeah, what about it?
That explains it.
You see, gods aren't really worshipped anymore.
Now-a-days, people believe in what they can actually see.
It's more about famous actors and idols. There are even online celebrities being worshipped.
Eh?
You're kidding right?
We are talking about gods here.
Legendary beings who can control nature itself.
And you're telling me that a mere human is being worshipped more than a god?
*Nods*
And it just keeps getting worse.
When I got here, I thought I would have to, at worse, get people to worship me as a god again.
But, I can't even hope for that now?
...
What?
Go ahead and laugh at this god that can't even get a mere farmer to worship him.
Ah. No it's nothing like that.
I was just wondering if people needed to worship you as "Zeus the Greek God".
If you can't get people to worship you as god, then what about as a celebrity?
You know, fight fire with fire.
Last time I tried that with Hades, all of hell almost broke loose.
I can't tell if you are being serious or not.
I can't tell either.
Are asking me to drop to the level as a human and throw away my pride as a god?
I'm pretty you are no different from a human at this point.
Plus I think that you would have more of a shot with this than with your original plan.
*sigh* Fine then. Let's go with your idea.
What should we do first?
Well I was thinking of how we should go about this.
There are a lot of social media platforms to start out on.
Social media? Platform?
Ah, like the Theatre of Dionysus.
I think so?
Think of it more like a place to post images and updates about your life.
So no theatre?
No theatre.
Speaking of which, remember that diner we went to the other day?
Well I overheard some people talking about how one of their friends posted a picture of them with a celebrity on Twipper.
Let's try starting out there for now and see it works.
scene 3 has ended!
This will end the game
